# Dedicated CSGO server hosting

You want to rent a cheap Counter-Strike: Global Offensive server? Our server experts have taken a close look at the best server hosting providers for you and show you in our free Counter-Strike: Global Offensive server test and price comparison which hoster offers you the best server at a low price. All server offers that you can find here provide you with DDoS protection, backups and full mod support in addition to a very low price. In addition, your new Counter-Strike: Global Offensive server will be ready within a few minutes after your payment thanks to Instant Setup and you can start gaming. Depending on the hosting provider, there are different vouchers and discounts, but you will get an especially large discount if you decide today. This way you can secure up to 10% discount. Rent an excellent Counter-Strike: Global Offensive server from the test winner today and let the good price and many features convince you.

## Which game server provider is the best for Counter-Strike: Global Offensive servers?

You can see which of the game server hosting providers is the best in less than a minute in our free Counter-Strike: Global Offensive game server test and price comparison. However, it should be noted that it always depends on your personal preferences and requirements. The offers you find in our test and comparison offer you the best overall package. That means you get a game server with a very good price-performance ratio. We have compared the prices per slot or per GB RAM with the included services and features offered by the hoster, such as DDOS protection, RAM (memory), server location, reliability and performance of the server, user-friendliness of the web interface. In addition, we have also taken into account points such as support and ratings by other customers in our test results. Rent a powerful Counter-Strike: Global Offensive server for a low price from the test winner now and let the excellent price-performance ratio convince you.

##  What does a CSGO server cost per month?

The costs for a Counter-Strike: Global Offensive server depend on the hosting provider and the server configuration you choose. Besides the number of slots, factors such as additional memory, server type (clan or public), FastDownload, MySQL database, branding and the rental period also play a role. Almost all game server hosters offer you so-called term discounts, so you can save up to 20% per month, depending on the server provider. If you are still sure whether you will play the game over a longer period of time, you should rent the server for 3 or 6 months first.
How long do I have to rent a Counter-Strike: Global Offensive server?

With almost all game server hosting providers, the term is at least 30 days. Only Zap-Hosting and Playeffect offer the possibility to rent a game server for 7 days and 14 days, respectively. The rule is: The longer you rent a server, the cheaper it is for you. Discounts of up to 15% and more are possible. If you are clever, you can combine the so-called term discounts with other vouchers and discounts. Especially if you play a lot with friends or in a clan, you can really save. However, you should keep in mind that many game server hosting providers only grant these vouchers and discounts for new customers. This means that you should choose the longest possible rental period when you rent a Counter-Strike: Global Offensive server for the first time.
Is my Counter-Strike: Global Offensive server always online?

No matter which game server hosting provider you choose, your game server and your game world will always be online. Even if you have switched off your computer or console or if there are no players on the server. This has the advantage that your friends, clan members or other players can access your Counter-Strike: Global Offensive game server at any time. Of course, as a tenant of the server, you have complete control over the server.

## Can I change the game on my game server?

As a rule, a game change is possible with all game server hosters. Depending on the provider, the game change can be free of charge or you will be charged a fee (one-time). In addition, a slot or RAM adjustment takes place with all hosters when changing the game. So it can be that you have more or less slots or RAM after changing the game. So there is no point in renting a cheap game and then switching to an expensive one to save money. The best thing to do is to choose our test winner and ensure an excellent price-performance ratio right from the start.

## Compare the best Counter-Strike: Global Offensive server offers for free:

As you have surely noticed, there is a wide range of game server hosters in the world. So that you don't have to spend hours comparing prices per slot, memory, security, hardware, web interface, DDoS protection and contract terms, our Counter-Strike: Global Offensive server experts have done it for you. We recommend the test winner as hoster for your Counter-Strike: Global Offensive server. The test winner achieved the best price-performance ratio result in our tests and should therefore also be your first choice. Decide now for a prepaid Counter-Strike: Global Offensive server and let the excellent price-performance ratio of the test winner for Counter-Strike: Global Offensive servers inspire you. Could we convince you? The game server is ready. [Order your CSGO game server now](https://fatalityservers.com/csgo-server-hosting/) and get started!

## What features does a Counter-Strike: Global Offensive server offer?

Which features the server offers depends on the gameserver provider and on the server configuration you ordered. Here is a short list of features that are included as standard with almost all game servers. If a feature is particularly important to you, you should ask the hosting provider before ordering whether this feature is available and whether it is already included or whether you will incur additional costs. Usually, the game servers are equipped in such a way that you and your friends can start playing right away without having to install or configure anything. Rent a cheap Counter-Strike: Global Offensive server from the test winner now and secure a variety of game server features.
